[Music]
all righty then it's time to twist your
brain one more time nine riddles only
people with high IQs can solve maybe
some week we'll do riddles for dummies
but for now are you ready for a new
portion of mind-blowing riddles to solve
which you'll need to apply all your
logic and detective skills and that's a
tough challenge but if you're up to it
well let's start after each riddle
you'll have 20 seconds to find a
solution however if you need more time
don't be too shy simply pause the video
all right riddle number one your task is
the following empty one jar of milk and
one jar of water into a ball oh wait you
couldn't think this would be that simple
there are several conditions you must be
able to differentiate between the milk
and the water you can separate the milk
from the water
and finally you aren't allowed to use
any kinds of dividers to keep these two
liquids apart wow that's a task even
Cinderella didn't have to deal with will
you be able to figure out how to
separate the inseparable 20 seconds for
you to do this
[Music]
in fact all you need to do is the pour
the water into the ball first and freeze
it then after that just add the milk and
then you have milk on the rocks riddle
number two there's a magician famous for
the tricks he performs one of such
tricks is staying under the water for
ten minutes however one day John smart
challenges the magician saying that he
will stay under the water for two
minutes longer to say that the magician
is surprised to say nothing he accepts
the bet and promises John to give him
five thousand dollars if he does beat
the record
all in all John wins and gets his money
how does he manage to do this do you
think that John could be practicing not
to breathe underwater since childhood or
perhaps he's an unfitting what's your
idea you have 20 seconds to make up your
mind
[Music]
well to tell you the truth John was
cheating just a bit
he took a glass filled it with water and
held it over his head for 12 minutes yep
always read the fine print on the
contracts you sigh riddle number three
Sam Princeton is so unhappy with his
life so frustrated with his boss picking
at him and so angry with himself for
being too weak to leave his job and
start a new life that he shoots himself
right between his eyes in the bathroom
the bullets are real the revolver is
real as well
[Music]
however in just a second Sam goes out of
the bathroom alive and unharmed how is
it possible hmm that's not a piece of
cake or perhaps you've already figured
it out if not you still have 20 seconds
to use
[Music]
the thing is that Sam didn't shoot at
his real self he shot his reflection in
the mirror riddle number four in the
city where people are keen on brain
teasers and riddles four percent of
people don't list their phone numbers so
if we select 40 random people from the
phone directory how many of them will
have unlisted numbers oops
seems you'll have to apply some
knowledge of mathematics here twenty
seconds to refresh everything you've
ever learned the answer may make you
indignant you've opened your math school
books after all but it's zero percent if
the numbers of these forty people are in
the phone directory
they are already listed by default
riddle number five you have seven guests
at your birthday party and you've got to
figure out how to cut your round
birthday cake only three times to make
eight equal sized slices seven for your
guests and one for you of course
times a-tickin and your guests are
waiting for their cake so get going
[Music]
answer well first off you have to cut
vertically right down the middle of the
cake to make two equal pieces do the
same thing but this time horizontally to
make four slices your third and final
cut should be laterally across the cake
which will quickly turn your four slices
into eight so how'd you do on this one
and no worries he still got tons more
riddled number six
a blind man had been dreaming of being
able to see again for many years this
had been his biggest wish after some
time his doctor confirmed that he could
have an operation that would solve his
problem the man couldn't be happier the
surgery went well and the man took the
train to go home the doctor allowed him
to take his bandages off three hours
after the operation so the man was so
impatient that he did this while still
on the train but as soon as he finished
he committed a suicide jumping off the
train his operation was successful so
why did he do this
twenty seconds for you to solve this
mystery
[Music]
why could a man whose dream has come
true kill himself in fact it was a
tragic coincidence when the man opened
his bandages the train was going through
a dark tunnel that's why the man thought
he was still blind and killed himself
riddle number 7 your friend asks you for
a favor and gives you $5.00 asking you
to buy something to eat something to
drink something to feed his cow with and
something to plant in his garden at the
same time you're allowed to buy just one
thing what are you going to buy to eat
to drink to feed the cow and to plant
Wow doesn't your friend think that's a
little bit too much do you know the
solution to his riddle if not yet you
still have 20 seconds
[Music]
you can go and buy a watermelon you can
eat it you can drink it you can feed the
cow with the rinds and as for the
watermelon seeds you can easily plant
them in the garden riddle number eight
once a king sentence a man to death for
a crime he had committed however the
king was a kind man so he allowed the
man to choose the way he would prefer to
die but the man was clever and managed
to say something that saved him from the
capital punishment which death did he
choose you have only twenty seconds to
figure it out but if you need more time
don't forget you can pause the video
[Music]
well being a clever man the culprit
chose to die of old age riddle number
nine two men are standing on the edge of
an abyss on a wood board one of them is
holding a gun and wants to shoot the
other one but if the second guy falls
down the first one will fall into the
abyss is there a possible way for one of
them to survive who will actually die
twenty seconds for you to solve this
dilemma in fact the thing is that the
answers to this riddle are too diverse
and everyone just thinks differently so
what is your idea we hate to leave you
hanging over the abyss but hey it's what
we do sometimes share your guess is with
us in the comments also tell us which
riddle made you think longer than others
and if there was a super tough one you
didn't manage this off share this video
with those of you friends who like
riddles and mysteries as much as you do
remember to press the like button and
click Subscribe this way
you'll make sure that you have access to
many more cool videos on the bright side
of life
you
[Music]